In the last lesson, we connected to our Linux instance using secure shell with Windows, we use something
called the remote desktop protocol RTP.
So let's look at how we can connect to our easy to instance running windows.
Back in the management console, I'm going to select my windows instance, and what we're going to do
is click on Kinect and we're going to choose our clients.
Now the interesting thing here is that we first need to get the password.
So we need to choose get password.
And it's going to ask us for that keypad file.
So I'm going to choose browse and I'm going to select the file that we downloaded, which is Cloud Lab
Dash Envy, DHCP PCM.
Choose the file upload and then click on Decrypt password.
So now I have the password, so I'm going to copy that and paste it somewhere so I can use it in a moment.
Then what I'm going to do is just copy this public DNS name.
Now you can download a remote desktop file as well, but I'm going to do it manually and show you how
to do it on my Windows computer.
I'm going to go to the search box and type deep and will find the remote desktop connection.
Now, if you are using Linux or Mac, you'll need to search online for ADP and you'll find an ADB client
that you can install.
So in this case, on Windows, it's preinstalled for us.
What I need to do is enter the computer name and here I'm going to paste in the DNS name that we got
from the console.
Then for username.
I'm going to enter administrator and then let's click on Connect and it's going to ask me for the password.
So what I'm going to do is paste the password, which we got from the console and then hit Enter.
I'm going to confirm.
Click on.
Yes.
And in a moment, you'll find that you get connected to your windows instance in the IWC data center.
And that's it.
We're now logged on to our Easy to Windows server in the US data center.
So that's it for this lesson, and we finished with these instances now.
So to make sure we don't eat into our free tier credits too much, we're going to go back to the IWC
management console and terminate these instances.
So back in the IWC management console, we're just going to select our two instances we can go to instance
states and then terminate instance.
Now when we do this, it will completely terminate and delete these instances.
That means that any data stored on their hard drives will be gone forever.
So that's it.
We can see that they're now in a state of shutting down, and it won't take long, and they should then
change to a terminated status.
So that's it for this lesson.
I'll see you in the next lesson.